README.md, before:

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/mauriciotogneri/firebase-localization)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/mauriciotogneri/firebase-localization/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

# :fire: Firebase Localization :fire:

**Firebase Localization** is a web based localization management tool design to run on a [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) instance. You can integrate it into your existing **Firebase** project or create a separate one. The **Spark Plan** in **Firebase** (free) is more than enough to support the tool.

Although the tool is specially design for mobile and web projects, you can use it for any other purpose. Simply check out the source code, configure it and deploy it.

| ![](https://i.imgur.com/iEASWUU.png) | ![](https://i.imgur.com/ECH3c7b.png) |
|:---:|:---:|

## Demo
If you want to try the online demo click [here](https://demolocalization.firebaseapp.com).

* User: `demouser@email.com`
* Password: `demouser`

## Formats supported
* Android (.xml)
* iOS (.strings)
* XLIFF (v1.2)
* JSON (plain)
* YAML (plain)

### Future formats to be supported
* JSON (nested)
* YAML (nested)
* INI
* Properties
* PHP array
* Angular translate
* Gettext
* Twine

## Installation
To install **Firebase Localization** just follow the guide on the [wiki](https://github.com/mauriciotogneri/firebase-localization/wiki/Installation).

## License

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2017 Mauricio Togneri

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

UI improvement. Filter downloaded translations by tags

README.md, after:

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/mauriciotogneri/firebase-localization)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/mauriciotogneri/firebase-localization/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

# :fire: Firebase Localization :fire:

**Firebase Localization** is a web based localization management tool design to run on a [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) instance. You can integrate it into your existing **Firebase** project or create a separate one. The **Spark Plan** in **Firebase** (free) is more than enough to support the tool.

Although the tool is specially design for mobile and web projects, you can use it for any other purpose. Simply check out the source code, configure it and deploy it.

| ![](https://i.imgur.com/iEASWUU.png) | ![](https://i.imgur.com/ECH3c7b.png) |
|:---:|:---:|

## Demo
If you want to try the online demo click [here](https://demolocalization.firebaseapp.com).

* User: `demouser@email.com`
* Password: `demouser`

## Formats supported
* Android (.xml)
* iOS (.strings)
* XLIFF (v1.2)
* JSON (plain)
* YAML (plain)

### Future formats to be supported
* JSON (nested)
* YAML (nested)
* INI
* Properties
* PHP array
* Angular translate
* Gettext
* Twine

## Installation
To install **Firebase Localization** just follow the guide on the [wiki](https://github.com/mauriciotogneri/firebase-localization/wiki/Installation).

## TODO
Upload:
    - define tags
    - define flag to mark as validated

## License

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2017 Mauricio Togneri

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.
